Update best-practices-onboard-deploy.md (#118012)
Azure/azure-content: articles/operator-service-manager/best-practices-onboard-deploy.md

For Containerized Network Function Definition Versions (CNF NFDVs), the networkFunctionApplications list can only contain helm packages. It's reasonable to include multiple helm packages if they're always deployed and deleted together.

> For Virtualized Network Function Definition Versions (VNF NFDVs), the networkFunctionApplications list must contain atleast one VhdImageFile and one ARM template. The ARM template should deploy a single VM. To deploy multiple VMs for a single VNF, make sure to use separate ARM templates for each VM. 

Reviewer: atleast should be changed to at least

> For Virtualized Network Function Definition Versions (VNF NFDVs), the networkFunctionApplications list must contain atleast one VhdImageFile and one ARM template. The ARM template should deploy a single VM. To deploy multiple VMs for a single VNF, make sure to use separate ARM templates for each VM. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For Virtualized Network Function Definition Versions (VNF NFDVs), the networkFunctionApplications list must contain at least one VhdImageFile and one ARM template. The ARM template should deploy a single VM. To deploy multiple VMs for a single VNF, make sure to use separate ARM templates for each VM. 
```
